Hello, today we are doing
energy bars which
perfect for snacking and not
harm your figure but there are them however
should be in the morning but by
least not before bedtime exactly
as a sweetener we will have a wall
and
and vegetable glycerin as you know
steven has calories and glycerin which
until recently there was only
byproduct soap making now
actively used by manufacturers
sports nutrition and also in different
just such bar type by kenzo
the fact is that in small quantities
according to different sources from 60 to 75
milligram
glycerin does not affect the sugar level in
blood that allows it to be consumed
who follow carbohydrates also glycerin
good stick together
ingredients and so it is him that I will
use instead of taking honey
or agave nectar which is very rich
sugars and certainly negatively affect
blood sugar and in addition
glycerin have a very sweet taste
also for bonding bars we
take coconut oil that hardens
at low temperature and so that the bar
answered all the rules of the right
nutrition we add whey to it
protein
so our bar will
contain complex carbohydrates healthy fats
and some protein
protein we breed small
the amount of water that he was so
thick enough then mix
well two masses of oil
glycerol
and protein can even make a mixer
all this so that the process goes faster but
if you have patience and desire you can
beat with a fork
then we combine it all with cereal y
me oatmeal you can marry and
sorts the main thing that they were
whole and fillers and some different
flavoring
according to your preference supplements it can
be and dried fruits flax seeds
nuts and dried berries and so on I'm
add a little chocolate my favorite
droplets with stevia
and also a little flax seed
I spread the bars in this form
for baking but you do as you
convenient though cubes in a box all that
please and at 1 o'clock we fix it all in
freezer I will immediately say that such
candy bars are not very convenient to take with you
because they hide at room
temperature but here is the seal at home with
such a bar is a pleasure
I hope you like it in 3 c if
yes don't forget to tell me about it
that 's all bye for now